new world into the home of the future era of big
computers over get ready for
the fact that your new home will be the same
the little future architect will have to
consider that the planet is transferable to and
place need to save Luigi colonies
the only connoisseur of the graceful
compactness
nothing to do what are the trends all
decreases and auto and home british
an architect about hiv from hardin sure
the future will have to build small houses
on financial and environmental
big house for reasons it's vulgar
demonstrate in this way
consistency is the bad
by all means fighting the vulgarity of the cordon
built himself a micro house small and
compact i often fly london to
Munich always amazes me how much
effectively and originally used
space in the aircraft don cordon is
cube with a side of 3 meters
compact and efficient house
resembles a swiss knife all the furniture and
equipment
embedded
here is a coffee maker tires here is a freezer
here is a microwave at the bottom three baskets
for garbage
drawers on the main go shower and
toilet on a two-in-one boat
they from local removes one of the seven micro
houses that hordan built on
the territory of the Munich technical
university
I am delighted with my own house and
what is the unity with nature
the house seems more than it is divided
into three sectors on one side of the kitchen
shower and toilet from another dining room and study
above them is a bed when necessary
work and bed all the time callous
eyes it is hard i decided to be sure
separate bedroom and study
small compact does not mean cramped
instead you grab open the window and it’s as if
relaxing in nature
around the English garden in winter happens
lonely but in the summer here is simple
you can't imagine better
and how much space do we need
little houses it's great
it is very convenient to live in them
man does not need much space and not
lived in a micro house a whole year but she
still there is one micro claim here
no wardrobe only shelves but i
already accustomed to the future of micro houses they
very compact build carried on
home plants builds using
computer-driven tools
reduces the risk of future home faults
assembled from ready-made modules
this reduces the time
construction doubled in construction will
to prevail
reusing materials firm
inexpensive economical